Updating Falco branding guidelines (#2493)
falcosecurity/falco: brand/README.md

# Falco Branding Guidelines

> Falco is an open source security project whose brand and identity are governed by the [Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/legal/trademark-usage).

Reviewer: :+1:

> Falco is an open source security project whose brand and identity are governed by the [Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/legal/trademark-usage).

Reviewer: :+1:

> Please see the [Falco Branding](https://falco.org/falco-brand) page on our website for full details and guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the official branding guidelines of The Falco Project. Please see the [Falco Branding](https://falco.org/falco-brand) page on our website for further details.
```

IMO, it's ok to add a link that points to the website for further details, but the primary source of information (the official one) must be kept here. So my suggestion is to keep (and eventually update) at least the following sections:
- Logo
- Colors
- Slogan
- What is Falco?

PS
I'm conscious this may create redundancy between this repository and the website, but it's acceptable.

# Falco Branding Guidelines

Falco is an open source security project whose brand and identity are governed by the [Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/legal/trademark-usage).

> This document describes the official branding guidelines of The Falco Project. Please see the [Falco Branding](https://falco.org/falco-brand) page on our website for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the official branding guidelines of The Falco Project. Please see the [Falco Branding](https://falco.org/community/falco-brand/) page on our website for further details.
```

?
